v3 (#3)
otovo/eslint-config-otovo: README.md

# Otovo eslint config

> This repo contains sets of highly opinionated linting rules (eslint-configs) for Otovo projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains sets of opinionated linting rules (eslint-configs) for Otovo projects.
```

```json
{
  "env": {
    "browser": true
  },
  "parser": "babel-eslint",
  "extends": ["@otovo/eslint-config-otovo/react-flow-recommended"]
}
```

The following is a overview of the rules each collection includes:

|                     | `default` | `react-flow-recommended` | `react-typescript-recommended` |
| ------------------- | --------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------ |
| javascript          | ✅        | ✅                       | ✅                             |
| react               | ✅        | ✅                       | ✅                             |
| prettier            | ✅        | ✅                       | ✅                             |
| prettier-react      | ✅        | ✅                       | ✅                             |
| flowtype            |           | ✅                       |                                |
| prettier-flowtype   |           | ✅                       |                                |
| typescript          |           |                          | ✅                             |
| prettier-typescript |           |                          | ✅                             |

## Publishing

> This package is hosted on npm under @otovo/eslint-config-otovo namespace and is published using the brilliant [`np`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/np) package. To publish a new version, run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is hosted on npm under @otovo/eslint-config-otovo namespace and is published using [`np`](https://github.com/sindresorhus/np) package. To publish a new version, run
```

Reviewer 2: Strict kmkr doesn't like adjectives 🤖

```sh
yarn run release
```

> This will guide you through the process of publishing on npm, pushing tags to Github and create release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing so guides you through publishing to npm, pushing tags to Github and create release notes.
```
